greetings everyone lászló Montgomery
here back home and Cali and not a moment
too soon on my last night as I sat in my
hotel room at the daigon Burger
Metropolitan something like five or six
inches of Schnee had fallen and kept
falling as I made my way to Frankfurt
Airport after a two-hour weather delay
the plane was de-iced and I was winging
my way back home to go spend the cushy
dinner with my family and I had some big
lug in front of me who not only had a
seat back for the entirety of the time
spent de-icing on the tarmac but also
for the whole 11 hours back to LAX that
was my fate and I bore it Stella clay
and my colleague was sitting right
behind me in the next row so I didn't
want to be rude to her by you know
moving my seat back and grabbing a
portion of her limited personal space
for my own greedy comfort she didn't
have her seat back and the Laszlo
Montgomery principle of flying in coach
is and I'm paraphrasing if the passenger
behind you doesn't put their seat back
down then neither do you
and if they do hey then it's fair game
anyway I get asked a thousand times how
long does fly from here to there here's
the answer to all those who have never
traveled on a long-haul flight from one
part of the world to another no matter
the distance from where to where in
coach it's a 36-hour flight and in
business it's a four to six hour flight
and in first wherever you're going never
more than two hours well as you no doubt
noticed I didn't upload the Kublai Khan
podcast that was first aired back in
August it's still available for my
website and on iTunes so I didn't
rebroadcast it we're just gonna get
right into what happened after Kublai
Khan died in 1294 I can summarize in a
few paragraphs what happened to the UN
dynasty founded by Kublai Khan and 1271
after he passed from the scene basically
nobody could hold it together Kublai
Khan left a whole lot of grandsons and
it didn't take long before they were all
conspiring against each other and
internal squabbles just speeded up the
demise of the yearand Dinah
the administration of the government and
the army was in total shambles nobody
was in charge and by the 13 20s 30s and
40s there followed one natural disaster
after another particularly with floods
up in the north and this was always the
classic harbinger of the end of the
dynasty you see like Jin Chuang and sway
Wendy to great conquering emperors who
went on to found dynasties the Mongols
were good at conquering but lousy when
it came to running their empire and
Kublai Khan he was like this is his
policies didn't work and his Foreign
Wars was just one debacle after another
his ventures in Southeast Asia in Nam
Champa Cambodia and Java all failures
and his extremely costly attempted
invasions of Japan in 1274 and 1281 were
the divine kamikaze winds protected
Japan from the Mongols wrath also
contributed to the decline of the UN the
way he set up the provinces making each
one sort of a mini imperial government
in and of itself completely eroded
central authority it was like the trust
system these warlords sort of you know
out in the provinces were supposed to
look and act like vassal states
surrounding the nuclear state where the
your an empire ruled which was mostly
parts of herbaceous even on Liao Ning
but nothing worked in no time at all was
like the end of the Han Dynasty or when
the Tong started to disintegrate right
at the tail end of the and dynasty you
had this potent cocktail of popular
uprisings everywhere natural disasters
he had secret societies springing up
like the White Lotus and the red turbans
the 1350s
were like all those other times in China
when one dynasty was on its way out and
another one was starting to form you had
a number of contenders as the yeren
dynasty started to wind down it all came
down to about three guys who faced off
to wear the mantle of dynasty founders
like ginger Wong Joel Wong Liu bang
Ching Wu Dee and tonkatsu the winner was
Zhu Yuanzhang
October 21 1328 the year of the founding
of the House of Valois and France to
give you a Western point of reference he
hailed from unweight province like the
Han Dynasty founder lil bung Zhu came
from nothing Leo and Chu were the two
leaders of ancient and medieval times
who came from such humble beginnings to
rule China in modern times you hit
Chairman Mao and the great one Tung Xiao
ping two leaders who also came from a
poor semi poor class background Chu was
an orphan who had even taken the life of
a beggar in his youth at the age of 16
his family was killed during one of the
yellow rivers more serious floods in
times of famine he lived in a Buddhist
monastery and received a rudimentary
education after the monastery where he
had sought solace was destroyed by the
Mongols he devoted himself to rebellion
and overthrowing the gren in 1350 - he
joined the White Lotus Society inspired
red turbans without getting into too
much detail the red turbans were sort of
a society a rebel group that combined
aspects of Buddhism and Zoroastrianism
there he grew within the ranks of these
anti un dynasty rebels to the point
where he gained supremacy over the army
in 1356 his army captured Nanjing and it
was there that Julia and John set up his
base by 1363 he started to look like he
was the front-runner to take over China
and by 1366 through the loyalty he
claimed from various military commanders
he controlled all of southern China from
the Three Gorges to the Yangtze Basin he
became the first person in Chinese
history to ever rule the whole country
from a southern rather than a northern
base the battle that really did it for
Zhu Yuanzhang is significant because up
to that time in 1363 this Battle of Lake
po yung or poor young soldier John was
the largest naval battle the world had
ever seen
it was mainly fought between Julia and
Jang and his chief rival for power the
Han Emperor chanyeol yeah
in this battle you had some of the same
fire boats you
back in the old Three Kingdoms period
when salchow was defeated at Red Cliff
by this tactic now in these times of
chaos when no one was in control of any
central government you'd have these
warlords sort of wrap themselves up in
the name of one of the great dynasties
of days gone by so chanyeol young he was
the hyung emperor based in Wu Chun in
present-day Hubei in this Han had
nothing to do with the one of Leo bang
Fame the other main rival was juncture
Chun aka Prince Chun of the DA Jo
dynasty he operated on a su Chou he has
for our hero Zhu Yuanzhang he had
fashioned himself as the prince of wool
so these rivals were all positioning
themselves and fighting to inherit the
country that the yen were losing due to
all this mongol internal strife and his
steady drumbeat of rebellion and they
all faced off in nan chun and ultimately
at Lake PO yang from August 30 to
October 4th poor young lake by the way
is china's largest freshwater lake it's
located in Shanxi province just
northeast of the capital nan Chun the
main battle was actually only three days
but sort of dragged on till October so
chanyeol young and then juncture Chang
were both defeated and with them gone
the path was clear for junior and Jung
to make his move and once the word got
out amidst all the tumult in society
everywhere that there was now a peaceful
and safe haven and Nanjing people
started flooding in and after it became
the Ming Dynasty capital the population
of Nanjing had grown something like 10
times in January 1368 ruler and Chung
established the great Ming Dynasty he
was the second Emperor since Leo Fung in
202 BC to come from such humble
beginnings and later found a dynasty the
opung of course founded the han dynasty
or more accurately the western han and
chewie and jeong he founds the main the
Ming lasted 276 years from 1368 to 1644
nine months after the founding of the
dynasty in the south
and capital at da du was taken da du was
of course the name of the city that
later in the Ming Dynasty is renamed
Beijing or northern capital however when
Julia and Chun takes the city he renames
it to bei ping the early years of the
Ming Dynasty was all about cleaning
house and getting rid of any leftover
you're in Dynasty loyalists and of
course the entire infrastructure of the
country was devastated from all the
chaos that went on during the end of the
UN and into the Ming there was
agriculture that needed urgent care and
the Grand Canal had fallen to disrepair
everything that had been left more or
less unattended to all these years was
now finally getting addressed even
though the dynasty officially starts in
1368 they were still bringing the outer
fringes of the country into the fold su
chuan was tamed in 1371 and the last one
to be conquered and brought into the
umbrella of Ming Dynasty China was the
southwestern province of Yunnan with all
their steep mountains and valleys by
thirteen 81-82
was all over and China was at last not
only United but united under a hunch I
knees ruler when these Ming armies
invaded ridden on by the way and
defeated the rebels there a young 11
year old Muslim boy was captured his
name was mafia but later on he gains
fame and immortality as the eunuch junga
who sailed the seas in the name of the
young emperor in ships that were like
the Titanic's of their day and then you
know when it's all over when the Ming
Dynasty falls in 1644 you have yet again
another foreign invader sitting on the
throne in the Forbidden City and then
it's not until Sun yat-sen in 1912 that
the Han Chinese again are the masters of
their own country so the Ming is the
last Chinese dynasty where you have the
Han Chinese ruling and this is also the
first time that the initiative to
reunify China came from the south
instead of being imposed by someone from
the north so true you and Chang rises
from nothing to become founding emperor
of the Ming
dynasty starting with the Ming and also
with the Ching dynasty Emperor's are
known in the history books by their era
names Julia and Jung's
era was known as the Home Rule era and
he was therefore referred to as the Home
Rule Emperor his temple name is tied to
and if we follow the ways of the past he
would have been known in the history
books more commonly as mean tides ooh in
the past each Emperor's reign would be
divided up into you know little
different eras in each era would have an
era name but starting with the Ming
Dynasty there's only one single era per
reign so henceforth until the bitter end
the Emperor's are known by their era
names and the first Ming Emperor was the
home rule Emperor he made a couple
mistakes right from the get-go first he
did what a lot of conquering leaders do
he kept the dysfunctional bureaucracy
intact that he had inherited from his
predecessor in this case the UN secondly
he put too much faith in his generals
and didn't change the UN military
structure either at least not at the
beginning he reigned from 1368 to 1398
total of 30 years things sorted
themselves out and before long Nanjing
became a haven for men of talent
escaping the chaos in the countryside
and in the north a good government was
then little by little put together under
the whole new emperor
once the Hun were in and the yeren
remnants were all flushed out and the
Confucian estate an iced combat during
the Ming and one of his first great
successes was an agricultural reform
huge improvements to public works
related to agriculture will made that
led to over-the-top achievements in
production and then this in turn led to
huge increase in in the population in
China the great wall was also looked
after during the Ming Dynasty
practically all that there is left of
the Great Wall today if you ever visit
it are the parts that were rebuilt and
fortified during the Ming Dynasty and
even that is mostly crumbling ruins the
part of the great wall just north of
Beijing in Badaling was
restored in the 20th century and opened
up to tourists in 1957 this is the part
where you know you see the world leaders
or he saw Nixon you know are always
photographed and we're all the tourists
flock when they visit Beijing while the
parts of the Great Wall fortified during
the main didn't totally stop the Mongols
from invading from the north it had the
desired effect and slowing them down and
limiting their incursions into China
proper now before we get into what the
Founding Ming Emperor was also famous
for let's look at his other great
achievements he's also credited with the
bombing you or the law code of the great
Ming like its name suggests it was a
whole new legal code that took China's
legal system of the tongue and sort of
brought it to another more refined level
the homel emperor was a friend of Islam
and openly and unabashedly praised the
Prophet Muhammad and welcomed Muslims
from all over Asia to the Ming Empire
the Emperor even wrote this famous work
called the hundred word eulogy it was a
100 character piece that essentially
saying the praises of Islam and ended
with these words written by the Ming
Emperor himself
chow mien King John Muhammed ah-choo
Xiang quieren religion pure and true
Muhammad the noble hiwatt well we'll
come back another day and look at Islam
in China it's quite a long and
interesting history and you'd think that
the home rule emperor would embrace
maritime trade and would reach out to
foreign lands to expand trade and
diplomacy not this emperor in 1371 he
issued the Hye Jin a ban on maritime
trade and just like that after
everything that happened during the song
period the first Ming Emperor just slams
the door and says anyone who wants to
trade with China must do it through the
tribute system anyway the band's purpose
which was to curtail piracy especially
from Japanese pirates and to you know
catch smugglers it didn't work out
nonetheless it stuck around till 1405
and by that time were into the next
emperor of the Ming Dynasty the young
look Emperor he's the one as I said who
sponsored the voyages of jung-ho that
began in four
oh five paper money makes a big bang
during the Ming under the hongwu emperor
they weren't the first to use paper
money the mongolian dynasty also saw
paper currency but that whole system
collapsed once things started
nose-diving in the 13 50s the Hong Luo
Emperor attempted to bring this fait yen
or flying money back into use although
he held merchants and traders and lower
regard than those engaged in agriculture
or scholarly pursuits he knew the
benefit to commerce that paper money
presented so he gave it his full support
compared to strings of copper cash paper
money was light and easily transportable
and definitely the way to go the Ming
Chinese paper money was not anything
that would fit in your wallet it was the
size of an a4 sheet of paper or
something close to a u.s. letter size
sheet it was made from mulberry bark
paper and only printed on one side now
the government faced the same problems
with counterfeiters that anyone else did
they printed a considerable reward right
on the paper note itself to anyone who
informed on the counterfeiters and there
was also a stern warning regarding the
fate that awaited the counterfeiters so
the treasure Note control Bureau was
formed in 1374 and they had the first
mean banknotes in circulation by 1375 to
cut to the chase the Home Rule Emperor
as I said he was a simple man who came
from humble beginnings and historians
have characterized him as a little rough
around the edges he was not a specialist
when it came to monetary policies
basically he printed too much money and
would just pass out stacks and stacks of
these notes to visiting tribute missions
of course the money had to be spent
within the empire but he still printed
way too much money and before long word
got out that the link between the paper
money and the copper coins which they
claim to equal in value was no more and
soon a 1000 copper cash note was worth
maybe 250 copper cash and later Eve
much less once this whole experiment
with paper money broke down it was
silver bullion from then on well aside
from all these good things this Emperor
who like Leo bung fifteen and a half
centuries earlier rose from nothing to
found a dynasty and an empire had a
little bit of a paranoia problem his
reign aside from all these advances and
learning commerce finance patronage of
Confucianism and navigation and getting
the Empire back in order after a slow
excruciating demise of the yen this
emperor is best remembered for his
bloody purges and his gruesome
punishments in time he became suspicious
of everyone around him was and it was
extremely averse to hearing any kind of
criticism whatsoever in fact there's an
old story omits the worst of the
Emperor's purges some upright official
or Confucian scholar petitioned the
Emperor in person to speak out against
his excesses and he brought a coffin
with them and after he had spoken his
peace to the Emperor he climbed into the
coffin and prepared himself for the
Emperor's wrath and the story goes that
the Hongwu Emperor respecting this man's
sincerity and bravery to deer speak out
pardoned him and considered his advice
the Honu emperor ming tai zu he was not
a good guy to work for
going back to almost when he became
emperor 1368 there were many stories
about how he grew increasingly volatile
and one little thing would spark some
reprisal from the emperor in the
thirteen 70s and as he got closer to the
end of his 30-year reign he could blow
his stack at the slightest incident or
suspicion and the consequences were not
pretty there was this constant threat
hanging over the heads of those who
reported to the Emperor and who had some
authority that they get caught up in
something not of their own making and
that would end their career and possibly
their life and that of their entire
family it was said that his wife the
Empress ma was the only one who could
keep the lid on him and was able to calm
him down whenever he flew into a rage
after she died in 1382 he really went
overboard but this first ming emperor he
was suspicious and paranoid of
rebellions of secret societies and later
on even the military where he himself
had come from no one was safe from these
frequent political purges the great
purge of 1380 where he did away with his
prime minister wu wei yang led to the
deaths of up to forty thousand people
who he suspected as enemies or
conspirators are even remotely connected
to the conspirators and he went after
not only his enemies but their families
as well and anyone who ever had the
misfortune to be connected to the
disgraced prime minister and as a side
note after this incident when he
suspected his prime minister was
conspiring against him he did away with
the entire palace administration and
henceforth handled day-to-day affairs
himself the prime ministership
Chancellery everything both done away
with so if you imagine like President
Obama in the White House just doing away
with his whole White House staff you
know making all his photocopies by
himself answering every email answering
the phones
talking to the press dealing with the
Congress and Foreign Relations but
that's what happened and of course this
turned out to be the biggest bottleneck
in Chinese history and things started to
fall apart with regard to the
administration as for his handling of
the provinces the Home Rule Emperor's
way to deal with keeping tabs on all
parts of China was to fill these
positions of power in these
principalities with his sons and
theoretically he need not fare any
rebellion then with his own flesh and
blood watching his back out in the
provinces and his patron of Buddhism
also ceased around this time and they
once again fell out of favor rather than
look at Buddhism as part of the state
structure which is what they had become
they were viewed upon with deep
suspicion so ever since the first
Buddhist temple was built in China and
68 AD the Buddhists they rode this
rollercoaster sometimes up sometimes
down depending on the Emperor at the
time so with this emperor now they were
down and he couldn't stand the eunuchs
and issued all kinds of orders and
directives
to keep them out of the government and
from doing all the things that they did
that gave them this nasty reputation for
meddling of the worst sort and now later
Emperor's didn't feel this way and after
the home rule Emperor passes from the
same eunuchs make a comeback and from
then on out are involved in all aspects
of the government administration so
after a good 30-year run as the founding
emperor of the Ming Dynasty Julian Chung
mean tied to the the home wu emperor he
died in 1398 it was he who restored
Chinese rule to China after almost a
century of rule by the Mongols it was
indeed the end of an era but a new era
was about to begin
and just as tonkatsu found at the Tang
Dynasty it was his son tongue-tied song
who allow the dynasty to reach great
much greater heights and so it was with
founder of the Ming and his son Judy who
became known as the young love Emperor
but before this Judy becomes Emperor
there's a whole mess that has to be
cleaned up regarding the succession to
the throne the Home Rule Emperor he
passed in 1398 the original crown prince
he had died much earlier and the new
heir was the crown prince's son the home
Wu Emperor his grandson joo-hyun when
the better choice was the Emperor's
strong-willed and obviously talented
younger son Trudy so after the Honu
Emperor dies his grandson is named the
genuine Emperor and Judy he starts
planning his next move to take what he
believed was rightfully his and it's
this move that we'll look at in the next
episode when we look at the Ming Dynasty
part 2 and the splendid reign of the
young look Emperor he was the one I said
where you had the voyage it's of jung-ho
so we'll also look at the great Chinese
Muslim eunuch Admiral jung-hwa whose
voyages were stuff of such great legend
we're going to stop here with the death
of the home rule emperor in 1398 and
pick up next week when Judy outflanks
the genuine Emperor and usurped the
throne setting himself up as the third
Ming
Emperor and we'll look at him next time
and well when you look at the Ming
Dynasty basically it's just these two
guys home wool and young love they're
the two main emperors and all the best
stuff sort of happens during their reign
I mean yeah you still have cha-ching and
Wadley emperors but we'll just pack them
and the other remaining Ming Emperor's
into one big snowball and we'll call
that the Ming Dynasty part three and
then we look at the chain and the that's
all folks the China history podcast
patented copyrighted China dynasty
overview series will be finished since
we started with the Shah dynasty back in
September 2010 I have received so many
emails with suggested topics and so many
interesting questions and comments I
mean after we finish the overview we'll
take a break and I'll do another QA
podcast but for now I am signing off
with my profoundest apologies for the
delay in getting this podcast episode
uploaded I know I'm 3-4 days later than
usual it took much longer than I thought
to get back into the groove after my
Germany trip and my colleagues at the
head office in China are back in the
office after a restful Chinese New Year
holiday so the post Chinese New Year
crush of things to do that piled up
after the holiday in Ningbo coupled with
all the stuff going on besides that has
left me with little time to get this one
uploaded when I had hoped to but there
it is and I hope you'll keep listening
next week when it's the Ming Dynasty
part two this is Laszlo montgomery of
the china history podcast wishing you
all a beautiful farewell from lovely
claremont here in sunny Southern
California
going up to 79 degrees today join us
next week won't you for another exciting
edition of the China history podcast